fact our next guest is recovering after
a skateboarding injury he's a local
amateur skateboarder who made national
headlines for winning a world record
Oliver Garcia from right here in San
Diego in fact the Paradise Hills
neighborhood won the National Ollie
competition with the Maloof hi ollie
challenge okay and we have the video to
prove it so before I introduce you to
him take a look at this
alright
Wow and the crowd goes wild Aldrin
Garcia is here thank you so much for
being here with us this morning you're
19 years old and your call an amateur
skateboarder but now the pros have to be
taking a pretty strong look at you what
has this been like to win this
competition oh it's like a dream it's so
surreal like I still think I'm gonna
wake up from it did you have any idea
that that you would win no not at all I
I just came to the contest because I got
invited and like I I just suffered that
injury two weeks prior to the contest
what you fell and you smashed your face
pretty good yeah and so you're actually
doing this stunt and that wasn't you
right there but you're doing this
injured as you're doing this okay how
high was the record what did you do the
riginal record was forty four and a half
inches and I did 45 inches 45 inches in
this jump so we have you here in studio
you brought your skateboard and you've
got a couple tricks you want to show us
so here's what I'm gonna do Aldrin I'm
gonna back off because lord knows I do
not want to be in the way of this and we
want to let you do your stuff so he's
going to demonstrate not only the ollie
but something else so I'm going to back
off and let's see you do your stuff and
you have a microphone on so you can kind
of explain to us what you're doing here
okay so i'm going to show you ollie it's
pretty much you pop with your back foot
and you slide with your front foot up
the grip tape okay so that's going to
help me bring my board up and level out
so I'm just going to set up just like
this and wow there you go very cool you
said you had one more thing you wanted
to demonstrate to us oh yeah
good for you okay how long have you been
doing this for i mean i'm sure this is
not you're not just an overnight success
this takes years of practice yeah I've
been skating for 11 years now 11 years
since you were just 9 years old just a
little guy where'd you get your first
skateboard from um I got it from my
parents for my birthday it was like a
little ninja turtle skateboard no way
how cute so with winning this you want
ten thousand dollars yeah okay what
first of all what are you doing with the
money um I'm gonna put away a portion of
it so I could like work on saving for a
house very cool and I like to hear and
I'm a help my mom pay the bills with the
wrist how sweet and he's a good son to
top it all off but what's your next step
is this something do you see yourself
going pro what is your next step oh I'm
hoping to go pro and I'm hoping to skate
the maloof money cup which is coming up
pretty soon and what's that it's a
contest in New York it's for both pros
and a mess mm-hmm and I hope the Maloof
brothers invite me yeah well I'm pretty
sure you have an invitation now that's
absolutely certain thank you so much for
being here with us this morning thank
you so much for demonstrating these
tricks we hope you feel better and I
sort of turned mom on him earlier when I
was like can you start wearing a helmet
because you're making me nervous to
watch you do this hey for more
information on Aldrin Garcia he has his
own website we've linked it to our
website San Diego 6.com just click on
hot topics and in honor of Aldred's win
we will be giving away a free mini ramp
halfpipe tomorrow right here on San
Diego six also a Makita tool kit because
you'll probably need that to put it all
together so to be sure to tune in
tomorrow morning at seven o'clock and
we'll well get you winning that ramp
maybe if you have a little one at home
that's learning how to skateboard maybe
a nine year old with a ninja turtle
skateboard he's learning how to get on
those wheels and and you need that ramp
so tomorrow 7am will get you winning
that that ramp for you